---
published: true
title: Did you say Coffee
layout: post
permalink: Did you say Coffee
---
As far as the baristas at Intelligentsia Coffee in the Lakeview neighborhood of Chicago’s north side are concerned, I might as well be a coffee junkie. I most certainly am, by all accounts, but the difference between your run-of-the-mill junkie and me is that I actually have a job. But what’s great about my job as a freelance graphic designer is that I can do it anywhere and at anytime of day. That is, if I have a cup of Intelligentsia Coffee by my side. I started drinking coffee as most people probably do, which was in college with gallons of cream to delude the actual flavor. But eventually you undergo the process of learning to like how it tastes, or noticing the differences between a French roast and an Ethiopian roast, and the difference in texture based on preparation method.

So, that sent me out seeking a brand of coffee that had a full range of options and flavor profiles, as well as different methods of preparation. Oh, and they had to have good espresso. Studying abroad in Italy when I was 21 instilled in me a deep need for those little black shots of molten caffeine. There are great coffee shops everywhere in this city, and of course you can order high quality beans offline, and you can also research they’re methods of farming/buying their product so that you know you’re supporting a business that treats its suppliers well. 

But what I wanted was a place that combined that all in to one experience. I wanted a place with, most importantly, great coffee, but also a great interior aesthetic that suits both hanging around with friends and working by yourself, great packaging design, and business practices that I can support. I found all of this at Intelligentsia.
Sometimes I just mosey over before starting a big project that I know will keep me in my cave all day and night, order a cup to go, then talk to a barista for a little while. That’s another great thing about Intelligenstia: great staff. In specialty coffee shops, it’s not coffee uncommon to feel snubbed and unwanted by the baristas. And while they’re certainly not milling around looking for somebody to shoot the breeze with, they aren’t condescending. They’re always working hard, but they’re also always willing to answer questions about the intricacies of the coffee-making process. Unlike the employees at some other coffee chains that shall not be named, you get the sense that they really care about the product they’re giving you. It’s nice to watch people make something for you when you can tell that they think it’s awesome.
Obviously, I have pretty high standards for my coffee drinking experience. Does that make me a snob?
Perhaps.
Snob though I may be, you need to check this place out. And if you don’t live near one of their locations, check out their stuff, research their product, and order some for yourself. You see, this is me sharing something good. Snobs don’t share. But it’s just too good not to.